5. Aim:
HTML
a) Design the following static web pages required for an online book store web site.
1) HOME PAGE: The static home page must contain three frames.
Top frame: Logo and the college name and links to Home page, Login page, Registration
page, Catalogue page and Cart page (the description of these pages will be given below).
Left frame: At least four links for navigation, which will display the catalogue of respective
links. For e.g.: When you click the link “CSE” the catalogue for CSE Books should be
displayed in the Right frame.
Right frame: The pages to the links in the left frame must be loaded here. Initially this page
contains description of the web site


Procedure
1. Create an HTML file named index.html
2. Create the main webpage layout using HTML and CSS. Divide the webpage into three sections:
Top Frame – contains the logo, website name, and navigation links.
Left Frame – contains links for CSE, ECE, EEE, and CIVIL.
Right Frame – displays the selected page or catalogue.
3. Design the Top Frame with a table containing:
Logo
Online Book Store / College name
Home
Login
Registration
Catalogue
Cart
4. Design the Left Frame with four navigation links:
CSE
ECE
EEE
CIVIL
5. Create the Home Page and display a description of the Online Book Store initially in the right frame.
6. Create the Login Page using HTML form controls:
Login text field
Password field
Submit button
Reset button
7. Create the Registration Page containing:
Name text field
Password field
E-mail ID
Phone number
Male/Female radio buttons
Day, Month and Year selection boxes
English, Telugu, Hindi and Tamil checkboxes
Address textarea
Submit and Reset buttons
8. Create the Catalogue Page using an HTML table. Display:
Book cover
Book name
Author name
Publisher
Price
Add to Cart button
9. Create the Cart Page containing:
Book name
Price
Quantity
Amount
Total amount
10. Create separate department catalogue functions for:
CSE books
ECE books
EEE books
CIVIL books
11. Use JavaScript functions to display the required page in the right frame when the user clicks a navigation link.
12. Use the showPage() function to identify which link was clicked and load the corresponding page into the right-frame area.
13. Use the addCart() function to display a message when the user clicks the Add to Cart button.
14. Load the Home Page initially when the website is opened.
15. Save the program as:
index.html
16. Open index.html in a web browser and test all the navigation links.
